update doc about mongo and sth indexes by DM (#2318)
telefonicaid/fiware-cygnus: doc/cygnus-ngsi/flume_extensions_catalogue/ngsi_sth_sink.md

[Top](#top)

### <a name="section1.4"></a>MongoDB Indexes

Since version 3.0.0 of cygnus index named `cyg_agg_opt` is created in this way but depending on datamodel:

| datamodel          | keys                                               |
| :----------------- | :------------------------------------------------- |
| dm-by-service-path | entityId, entityType, attrName, resolution, origin |
| dm-by-entity       | attrName, resolution, origin                       |
| dm-by-attribute    | resolution, origin                                 |

> Note that attempting to use any other datamodel different from these ones will cause a "Unknown data model" ERROR in log traces. In addition, note that default datamodel for STH/Mongo sink is dm-by-entity as all others sinks which uses datamodel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that attempting to use any other datamodel different from these ones will cause a "Unknown data model" ERROR in log traces. In addition, note that default datamodel for NGSISTHSink is dm-by-entity as all others sinks which uses datamodel.
```
